So now let's talk about AWS Migration Hub.
So this is a hub
so it's going to be a central location
where you can collect server
and applications inventory data for the assessment, planning
and tracking of migrations to AWS.
The idea is that everything is centralized
and this is going to help you accelerate your migration
into AWS and to automate the process of lift-and-shift.
There's also a sub feature of Migration Hub called
the AWS Migration Hub Orchestrator
where you can use pre-built templates to save time
and efforts migrating enterprise apps.
Such as SAP or Microsoft SQL Server and so on.
On top of it, Migration Hub is integrated
with services we've seen before such
as the Application Migration Service, MGN
or the Database Migration Service, DMS.
So, whenever the exam is asking you for a central location
to discover access, plan and track your migration
and modernization, think no more
than the Migration Hub where you can have a look
at all your servers and apps and centralize them.
Right size your workload and strategy recommendation.
Where you can orchestrate migrations between multiple tools.
And finally, incrementally refactor applications
to move them to AWS.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.